Missione patch 1 (#25356)
magento/magento2: README.md

[![Open Source Helpers](https://www.codetriage.com/magento/magento2/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/magento/magento2)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/magento/magento2?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
[![Crowdin](https://d322cqt584bo4o.cloudfront.net/magento-2/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/magento-2)

> <h2>What is Magento 2 ?</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is Magento 2?
```

> It's an e-commerce platform build in PHP, to provide online merchants with a flexible shopping cart system, as well as control over the look, functionality and content of the online store .It also offers powerful search engines for marketing and catalog management tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's an e-commerce platform written in PHP that provides online merchants with a flexible shopping cart system as well as control over the look, functionality, and content of the online store. It also offers powerful search engines for marketing and catalog management tools.
```

> <br>

Reviewer: There's no need for these two HMTL line breaks (`<br>`). A single new line is sufficient to separate paragraphs in markdown.

<br>

> <strong>Welcome</strong> to Magento 2 installation! We're glad you chose to install Magento 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Welcome** to your Magento 2 installation! We're glad you chose to install Magento 2.
```

Author: Thank you sir .i made the given corrections.
